hey guys welcome to this week's aqw
anime question of the week look aroma my
question for anime question the week is
food is your favorite anime productions
to you okay my favorite anime production
company well the thing is I have a lot
there's some like sunrise production i.g
there is shaft there is clamp they're
just they're just so so many that I
could choose from but I decided to pick
only two that are on my top that I could
not just you know pick one I had to pick
both of them so the first one I'll talk
about these aren't actually in any
particular order because there's some
times that I enjoyed this one more than
there sometimes I enjoyed this one more
so just kind of a switch back and forth
through these the first one is bones
there's actually a series i'm watching
by bones right now it's called go sick
the animation is flawless amazing
perfect it's fits fits the mood of the
series they like there's no there's no
like many like key animation parts it
just all like smoothly animated they've
also done stuff but they worked on on
full metal alchemist which is a really
really popular series and everybody
knows how awesome that is they also
worked on brotherhood to working on
brotherhood movie they also worked on
Eureka Seven they also worked on it just
is the work done a lot of stuff a lot of
stuff that people know like darker than
black and I had no problem i don't think
i ever had any problem with any of the
series that they've worked on they're
gonna be actually releasing another
series that they're gonna be working on
next season for the summer it's going to
be called number six and i'm really
looking forward to it half haffley
because it is gonna be done by bones the
second one I'll mention is madhouse
studios that's probably no surprise to
any of you because everybody knows how
amazing madhouse studios is they did
stuff like Kiba this right here did Kiba
they did kaiji there they're doing on
they're doing stuff like the Marvel and
madhouse collaboration stuff
like Iron Man they did they did
Wolverine that they're doing x-men right
now and they're gonna be doing blade
that's for seniors that it'll do a
collab with the animation is really good
at it but for some reason there's
something off on it for some reason I
just can't really get into it completely
on the animation for those that is why I
kind of put it a little bit lower than
bones at this moment but probably when
my house is gonna release something cool
again I'm probably gonna be like mad
house again woo you know cuz I just keep
going back and forth of these two what
about you DK Josh what are your most
favorite anime producing companies now
me personally I think in terms of just
if I the truth one had to be shaft just
in terms of originality the way they
make their enemies are totally different
they have totally like abstract kind of
way making a video and go they don't
follow the normal they do their own
thing just that animation starts totally
different from what you see normally but
there's a lot of like no like other good
companies i really like i have to that
madhouse production i.g bones sunrise
Gainax even a-1 pictures and toy um a
lot of these companies are amazing
production because their animations are
so brilliant is just amazing to look at
but i think just good but a lot of the
stars kind of similar most the time you
can't see the difference usually the
only difference your season in storyline
if their original ones that they make
but shop just amazing in terms of the
fact that they have their own style and
their own way of making their animes
thanks so this is this week's aqw guys i
want to thank DK josh 27 for asking me
this question for making this video
because this was a really awesome
question i really wanted to do this
question at one point and everybody make
sure you subscribe to DK joshi's
actually very very good friend of mine
he makes
amazing videos he does really good
episode reviews he does collection
updates collection pickups and stuff
like that so check out DK Josh 27 if
you're watching this and definitely
subscribe if you if you enjoy this
video's annotation for him it's gonna be
right here throughout the video
if you would like to ask me a question
for one of the upcoming Akio w's make
sure you make a video response with you
asking the question and you answering
the question the free please you know
show yourself not just do audio so also
if you want to actually be featured in
one of my upcoming neck your double use
with your comments make sure you write a
really good comment and vote for other
people's comments and maybe your
comments can be voted up there as well
this week's AQ owm a question of the
week and I'm yo Karama and BB a map